`infer_language_versions` api (#1265)
NomicFoundation/slang: documentation/public/user-guide/04-getting-started/02-choosing-a-solidity-version/index.md

```ts title="supported-versions.mts"
--8<-- "documentation/public/user-guide/04-getting-started/02-choosing-a-solidity-version/examples/01-supported-versions.test.mts"
```

## Inferring Compatible Solidity Versions

> For cases where you don't know in advance which version of Solidity to use, the `LanguageFacts` API provides a utility to generate a list of compatible versions. It uses the [version pragmas](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/develop/layout-of-source-files.html#version-pragma) defined in your Solidity source file to filter the list of versions supported by Slang, returning only the compatible ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cases where you don't know in advance which version of Solidity to use, the `LanguageFacts` API provides a utility to generate a list of compatible versions. It uses the [version pragmas](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/develop/layout-of-source-files.html#version-pragma) defined in your Solidity source file to filter the list of versions supported by Slang, returning only the compatible ones. If the source file contains no pragmas, all versions supported by Slang are returned.
```

> The list is sorted from earliest to latest, so the last item in the list will be the most up-to-date version of Solidity supported by your source.

Reviewer 2: Minor suggestion:

```suggestion
The list is sorted ascendingly (from earliest to latest). So, the first item in the list would typically be the version that the code author was using/developing/testing with, and the last item in the list would be the latest version allowed by the code author and supported by Slang.
```

Author: > So, the first item in the list would typically be the version that the code author was using/developing/testing with

How verifiable is this? Seems like an assumption that can't really be take for granted.

Reviewer 2: It is a pattern I noticed in a lot of codebases, but of course it is not required, hence I used "typical" here. Do you think we should rephrase this?
